h2. 0.0.1

* Implementation of init command started.
* Current status: 
** Decode and parse credentials - done
** Gather Git Repository URL using git gem - done
** Write deploy.rb
** Capify project

h2. 0.0.2

* deploy.rb now creates a symlink to database.yml with -f (force) and overwrites an eventually existing database.yml from the customer's repository.

h3. 0.0.3

* Added travis testing meta data.
* Added RSpec tests for basic functionality.
* Fixed a Ruby 1.9.x issue.
* Enhanced error messages for invalid application tokens.
* Initial README.

h3. 0.4.0

* 0.4.0 has become 0.1.0 since features have been added.

h3. 0.1.0

* Added Railshoster Bundler settings to generate binstubs. Hence you don't have to use "bundle exec" all the time. See http://gembundler.com/deploying.html for more details.
* Bugfix reagarding to keyboard input when no directory is given.
* Added capistrano task "railshoster:appurl" to show the default railshoster app url.
* "railshoster deploy" now can only be invoked if there's a Capfile and a deploy.rb.
* Added "railshoster appurl" show the default railshoster app url. This command can only be invoked if there's a Capfile and a deploy.rb.
* It now shows the appurl after invoking "railshoster deploy".

h3. 0.1.1

* Fixed deploy_to path in deploy.rb

h3. 0.2.0

* Added flag for init command to pass app credentials via json hash such as: 

bc. railshoster init -json '{"t":"h","u":"user999999999","a":"rails1","h":"zeta.railshoster.de","p":"mypass"}' .

h3. 0.2.1

* Updated ROADMAP
* Added bundler as railshoster gem dependency to avoid problems with "rake" vs "bundle exec rake".